branding (#3)
ipbc-dev/BitTubeVid: support/doc/plugins/guide.md

  - [Publish](#publish)
- [Plugin & Theme hooks/helpers API](#plugin--theme-hookshelpers-api)
- [Tips](#tips)
  - [Compatibility with BitTube](#compatibility-with-BitTube)
  - [Spam/moderation plugin](#spammoderation-plugin)
  - [Other plugin examples](#other-plugin-examples)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

## Concepts

> [comment]: <> (question peertube-theme == bittube-theme???)

Reviewer: Nope, this name needs to be maintaned to be available to the federation

```

And these scripts also define a `register` function:

> [comment]: <> (question , Javascript examples)

Reviewer: Leave it as it is

To get your plugin static route:

[comment]: <> (question , javascript example)

> 

Reviewer: Leave it as it is

```js
const baseStaticUrl = peertubeHelpers.getBaseStaticRoute()
const imageUrl = baseStaticUrl + '/images/chocobo.png'
```

#### Translate

You can translate some strings of your plugin (BitTube will use your `translations` object of your `package.json` file):

> [comment]: <> (question , javascript example)

Reviewer: Leave it as it is

  ...
}
```
[comment]: <> (question , github)

> The key should be one of the locales defined in [i18n.ts](https://github.com/Chocobozzz/PeerTube/blob/develop/shared/models/i18n/i18n.ts).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The key should be one of the locales defined in [i18n.ts](https://github.com/ipbc-dev/BitTubeVid/blob/develop/shared/models/i18n/i18n.ts).
```

```

### Test your plugin/theme
[comment]: <> (question , github)
You'll need to have a local BitTube instance:

>  * Follow the [dev prerequisites](https://github.com/Chocobozzz/PeerTube/blob/develop/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md#prerequisites) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Follow the [dev prerequisites](https://github.com/ipbc-dev/BitTubeVid/blob/develop/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md#prerequisites) 
```

```

Every time you want to publish another version of your plugin/theme, just update the `version` key from the `package.json`
and republish it on NPM. Remember that the BitTube index will take into account your new plugin/theme version after ~24 hours.

## Plugin & Theme hooks/helpers API

> [comment]: <> (question , join peertube)

Reviewer: Leave it as it is

```

>   * Don't try to require parent PeerTube modules, only use `peertubeHelpers`. If you need another helper or a specific hook, please [create an issue](https://github.com/Chocobozzz/PeerTube/issues/new)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Don't try to require parent PeerTube modules, only use `peertubeHelpers`. If you need another helper or a specific hook, please [create an issue](https://github.com/ipbc-dev/BitTubeVid/issues/new)
```

 * `filter:video.auto-blacklist.result`: to automatically blacklist local or remote videos
 
### Other plugin examples
[comment]: <> (question , url)

> You can take a look to "official" BitTube plugins if you want to take inspiration from them: https://framagit.org/framasoft/peertube/official-plugins

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can take a look to "official" PeerTube plugins if you want to take inspiration from them: https://framagit.org/framasoft/peertube/official-plugins
```
